Accordion: add a Getting Started tutorial (#3672)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Accordion/00 Getting Started with Accordion/00 Getting Started with Accordion.md

#include tutorials-intro-installationnote

The Accordion UI component contains several panels displayed one under another.

> This tutorial shows how to add an Accordion to the page and configure its core features. As a result, you will create the following UI component:

Reviewer: > This tutorial shows how to add an Accordion to **the page** and configure **its** core features.

A potential issue in the sentence. The pronoun "it" points at "the page" rather than "an Accordion" because, "the page" stands last and has a definite article. How to rewrite? For example:

```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to add an Accordion to the page and configure the component's core settings. As a result, you will create the following UI component:
```

<div class="simulator-desktop-container" data-view="/Content/Applications/21_2/GettingStartedWith/Accordion/index.html, /Content/Applications/21_2/GettingStartedWith/Accordion/index.js, /Content/Applications/21_2/GettingStartedWith/Accordion/index.css"></div>

> Each section in this tutorial describes a single configuration step. You can also find the full code in the following GitHub repository: <a href="https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/getting-started-with-devextreme-accordion" target="_blank">getting-started-with-accordion</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each section in this tutorial describes a single configuration step. You can also find the full source code in the following GitHub repository: <a href="https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/getting-started-with-devextreme-accordion" target="_blank">getting-started-with-accordion</a>.
```
